README.md, before:

Reviewable assessments system
=============================

This is a PHP application which implements a system for assessments such as risk assessments, whereby the application by a student is then passed for review to other in a position of authority and iterated until approved.

Screenshot
----------

![Screenshot](screenshot.png)


Usage
-----

1. Clone the repository.
2. Download the library dependencies and ensure they are in your PHP include_path.
3. Download and install the famfamfam icon set in /images/icons/
4. Add the Apache directives in httpd.conf (and restart the webserver) as per the example given in .httpd.conf.extract.txt; the example assumes mod_macro but this can be easily removed.
5. Create a copy of the index.html.template file as index.html, and fill in the parameters.
6. Access the page in a browser at a URL which is served by the webserver.


Dependencies
------------

* [application.php application support library](http://download.geog.cam.ac.uk/projects/application/)
* [csv.php CSV manipulation library](http://download.geog.cam.ac.uk/projects/csv/)
* [database.php database wrapper library](http://download.geog.cam.ac.uk/projects/database/)
* [frontControllerApplication.php front controller application implementation library](http://download.geog.cam.ac.uk/projects/frontcontrollerapplication/)
* [ultimateForm.php form library](http://download.geog.cam.ac.uk/projects/ultimateform/)
* [FamFamFam Silk Icons set](http://www.famfamfam.com/lab/icons/silk/)


Author
------

Martin Lucas-Smith, Department of Geography, 2013-5.


License
-------

GPL3.

Commit message:

Migrate dependencies to Composer
This also removes the need for an include_path to be set in the Macro definition

README.md, after:

Reviewable assessments system
=============================

This is a PHP application which implements a system for assessments such as risk assessments, whereby the application by a student is then passed for review to other in a position of authority and iterated until approved.

It is intended to treated as a library included within boostrapping code defining the forms and parameters.


Screenshot
----------

![Screenshot](screenshot.png)


Usage
-----

1. Clone the repository.
2. Run `composer install` to install the PHP dependencies.
3. Download and install the famfamfam icon set in /images/icons/
4. Add the Apache directives in httpd.conf (and restart the webserver) as per the example given in .httpd.conf.extract.txt; the example assumes mod_macro but this can be easily removed.
5. Create a copy of the index.html.template file as index.html, and fill in the parameters.
6. Access the page in a browser at a URL which is served by the webserver.


Dependencies
------------

* Composer package manager
* [FamFamFam Silk Icons set](http://www.famfamfam.com/lab/icons/silk/)


Author
------

Martin Lucas-Smith, Department of Geography, 2013-24.


License
-------

GPL3.
